README.md, before:


<p align="center">
    <img alt="sledge" src="assets/sledge_logo_transparent.png" width="500">
    <h1 align="center">Generative Simulation for Vehicle Motion Planning </h1>
    <h3 align="center"><a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2403.17933">Paper</a> | <a href="https://danieldauner.github.io/assets/pdf/Chitta2024ARXIV_supplementary.pdf">Supplementary</a> | <a href="https://youtu.be/YGxcg2WmkWo?si=-r_6yObHs7H9xJEn&t=28483">Talk</a> </h3>
</p>

<br/>

> [**SLEDGE: Synthesizing Driving Environments with Generative Models and Rule-Based Traffic**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2403.17933) <br>
> [Kashyap Chitta](https://kashyap7x.github.io/), [Daniel Dauner](https://danieldauner.github.io/), and [Andreas Geiger](https://www.cvlibs.net/) <br>
> University of Tübingen, Tübingen AI Center
>
> European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV), 2024
> <br>
>

This repo contains SLEDGE, the first generative simulator for vehicle motion planning trained on real-world driving logs. We will be publicly releasing our code for simulation, evaluation, and training (including pre-trained checkpoints). 

<br/>

https://github.com/autonomousvision/sledge/assets/50077664/1c653fda-6e44-4018-ae98-2ab3d0439cad

## News &#128240; 
* **`18 Aug, 2024`:** We released v0.1 of the SLEDGE code!
* **`01 Jul, 2024`:** Our paper was accepted at [ECCV 2024](https://eccv.ecva.net/) &#127470;&#127481;
* **`27 Mar, 2024`:** We released our paper on [arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2403.17933)!


## Table of Contents &#128220;
1. [Getting started](#gettingstarted)
2. [Changelog](#changelog)
3. [Contact](#contact)
4. [Citation](#citation)
5. [Other resources](#otherresources)


## Getting started &#128640; <a name="gettingstarted"></a>

- [Installation and download](docs/installation.md)
- [Running the autoencoder](docs/autoencoder.md) 
- [Running the diffusion model](docs/diffusion.md)
- [Simulation and visualization](docs/simulation.md)


## Changelog &#128759; <a name="changelog"></a>
- **`[2024/08/18]`** SLEDGE v0.1 release
  - Scripts for pre-processing and downloads
  - Raster-vector autoencoder (training & latent caching)
  - Latent diffusion models (training & scenario generation)
  - Simple simulations
  - SledgeBoard


## TODO &#128203;<a name="todo"></a>
- [ ] Add videos and talks
- [ ] Release checkpoints
- [ ] Metrics & complete simulation code
- [X] SLEDGE v0.1 & camera ready release
- [x] Initial repository & preprint release


## Contact &#9993; <a name="contact"></a>
If you have any questions or suggestions, please feel free to open an issue or contact us (daniel.dauner@uni-tuebingen.de).

## Citation &#128206; <a name="citation"></a>
If you find SLEDGE useful, please consider giving us a star &#127775; and citing our paper with the following BibTeX entry.

```BibTeX
@InProceedings{Chitta2024ECCV, 
	title = {SLEDGE: Synthesizing Driving Environments with Generative Models and Rule-Based Traffic}, 
	author = {Kashyap Chitta and Daniel Dauner and Andreas Geiger}, 
	booktitle = {European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV)}, 
	year = {2024}, 
}
```

## Other resources &#128161; <a name="otherresources"></a>

<a href="https://twitter.com/AutoVisionGroup" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Twitter Follow" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/Awesome Vision Group?style=social&color=brightgreen&logo=twitter" />
  </a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/kashyap7x" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Twitter Follow" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/Kashyap Chitta?style=social&color=brightgreen&logo=twitter" />
  </a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/DanielDauner" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Twitter Follow" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/Daniel Dauner?style=social&color=brightgreen&logo=twitter" />
  </a>

- Special thanks to [Agniv Sharma](https://github.com/agshar96) for his reimplementation of [HDMapGen](https://github.com/agshar96/HDMapGen) which we used as a baseline!
- [NAVSIM](https://github.com/autonomousvision/navsim) | [tuPlan garage](https://github.com/autonomousvision/sledge) | [CARLA garage](https://github.com/autonomousvision/carla_garage) | [Survey on E2EAD](https://github.com/OpenDriveLab/End-to-end-Autonomous-Driving)
- [PlanT](https://github.com/autonomousvision/plant) | [KING](https://github.com/autonomousvision/king) | [TransFuser](https://github.com/autonomousvision/transfuser) | [NEAT](https://github.com/autonomousvision/neat)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

modifications to sledge repository for scenario dreamer

README.md, after:


<p align="center">
    <img alt="sledge" src="assets/sledge_logo_transparent.png" width="500">
    <h1 align="center">Generative Simulation for Vehicle Motion Planning </h1>
    <h3 align="center"><a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2403.17933">Paper</a> | <a href="https://danieldauner.github.io/assets/pdf/Chitta2024ARXIV_supplementary.pdf">Supplementary</a> | <a href="https://youtu.be/YGxcg2WmkWo?si=-r_6yObHs7H9xJEn&t=28483">Talk</a> </h3>
</p>

<br/>

> [**SLEDGE: Synthesizing Driving Environments with Generative Models and Rule-Based Traffic**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2403.17933) <br>
> [Kashyap Chitta](https://kashyap7x.github.io/), [Daniel Dauner](https://danieldauner.github.io/), and [Andreas Geiger](https://www.cvlibs.net/) <br>
> University of Tübingen, Tübingen AI Center
>
> European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV), 2024
> <br>
>

This repo is a fork of SLEDGE containing modifications to the original repository to preprocess the NuPlan dataset for Scenario Dreamer training. It also includes the modifications to the SLEDGE repository that we made for training/evaluating the SLEDGE model. 

<br/>

https://github.com/autonomousvision/sledge/assets/50077664/1c653fda-6e44-4018-ae98-2ab3d0439cad

## News &#128240; 
* **`18 Aug, 2024`:** We released v0.1 of the SLEDGE code!
* **`01 Jul, 2024`:** Our paper was accepted at [ECCV 2024](https://eccv.ecva.net/) &#127470;&#127481;
* **`27 Mar, 2024`:** We released our paper on [arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2403.17933)!


## Table of Contents &#128220;
1. [Getting started](#gettingstarted)
2. [Changelog](#changelog)
3. [Contact](#contact)
4. [Citation](#citation)
5. [Other resources](#otherresources)


## Getting started &#128640; <a name="gettingstarted"></a>

- [Installation and download](docs/installation.md)
- [Running the autoencoder](docs/autoencoder.md) 
- [Running the diffusion model](docs/diffusion.md)
- [Simulation and visualization](docs/simulation.md)


## Changelog &#128759; <a name="changelog"></a>
- **`[2024/08/18]`** SLEDGE v0.1 release
  - Scripts for pre-processing and downloads
  - Raster-vector autoencoder (training & latent caching)
  - Latent diffusion models (training & scenario generation)
  - Simple simulations
  - SledgeBoard


## TODO &#128203;<a name="todo"></a>
- [ ] Add videos and talks
- [ ] Release checkpoints
- [ ] Metrics & complete simulation code
- [X] SLEDGE v0.1 & camera ready release
- [x] Initial repository & preprint release


## Contact &#9993; <a name="contact"></a>
If you have any questions or suggestions, please feel free to open an issue or contact us (daniel.dauner@uni-tuebingen.de).

## Citation &#128206; <a name="citation"></a>
If you find SLEDGE useful, please consider giving us a star &#127775; and citing our paper with the following BibTeX entry.

```BibTeX
@InProceedings{Chitta2024ECCV, 
	title = {SLEDGE: Synthesizing Driving Environments with Generative Models and Rule-Based Traffic}, 
	author = {Kashyap Chitta and Daniel Dauner and Andreas Geiger}, 
	booktitle = {European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV)}, 
	year = {2024}, 
}
```

## Other resources &#128161; <a name="otherresources"></a>

<a href="https://twitter.com/AutoVisionGroup" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Twitter Follow" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/Awesome Vision Group?style=social&color=brightgreen&logo=twitter" />
  </a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/kashyap7x" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Twitter Follow" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/Kashyap Chitta?style=social&color=brightgreen&logo=twitter" />
  </a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/DanielDauner" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Twitter Follow" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/Daniel Dauner?style=social&color=brightgreen&logo=twitter" />
  </a>

- Special thanks to [Agniv Sharma](https://github.com/agshar96) for his reimplementation of [HDMapGen](https://github.com/agshar96/HDMapGen) which we used as a baseline!
- [NAVSIM](https://github.com/autonomousvision/navsim) | [tuPlan garage](https://github.com/autonomousvision/sledge) | [CARLA garage](https://github.com/autonomousvision/carla_garage) | [Survey on E2EAD](https://github.com/OpenDriveLab/End-to-end-Autonomous-Driving)
- [PlanT](https://github.com/autonomousvision/plant) | [KING](https://github.com/autonomousvision/king) | [TransFuser](https://github.com/autonomousvision/transfuser) | [NEAT](https://github.com/autonomousvision/neat)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>
